Hey, Mirai!
Can I shoot this guy
with a Red Arrow?
No, Susumu!
Get away from there!
[gun fires]
[dramatic music]
Bullets, look out!
[air whooshes]
[dramatic music]
Professor.
[bullet clangs]
[bullets fire]
Let's get away from here.
[air whooshes]
Susumu, I'm afraid your
life is beyond saving now.
[arrow clangs]
Penema, you can have his soul.
I'll be taking his
Arrows and Wings.
I guess it's game over.
Too bad, kid.
[dramatic music]
[Nakaumi breathes shakily]
[phone buzzes]
[opening theme music]
[Yoneda] Put me
on speaker phone.
Professor.
[Temari And Saki] Huh?
Listen to me, everyone.
Susumu Yuito is dead.
I've taken his Arrows and Wings.
It's unfortunate, but
under the circumstances,
we'll have to put our
conversation on hold.
Once the world has responded,
we'll be able to
resume our discussion.
Farewell.
He's the boss now.
This only happened
because we hung around
while he droned on about
how there's no God.
[Saki] Susumu. [sobs]
[bird chirps]
[Nakaumi] Susumu probably
didn't wanna die,
but it's amazing how easily
people go when it's their time.
You're right.
This is reality, though.
Is this your first time
seeing a dead body?
[Nakaumi] No, I've
seen several others.
Too bad I wasn't the one
who was shot instead.
That brings up a subject
that I've been meeting
to discuss with you.
Is it true that you're
not the least bit
worried about dying?
[Nakaumi] Correct.
In that case, you wouldn't
object if I were to shoot you
with a White Arrow
sometime in the future?
[Nakaumi] Correct.
If I were to give you one
of these White Arrows,
could you then shoot me?
Yes, sir.
I respect you
completely, Professor.
Whatever you would
ask of me, I'd do.
In my experience, people are
sometimes driven by a desire
to assimilate with the
object of their respect
because they wish
to better understand
the person they admire.
In a few extreme cases, they
fantasize about being reborn
as the object of their desires.
And in their adult state,
they end up killing them.
You understand?
Yes, of course.
That's something from
one of your books, right?
[arrow fires]
And you, my young
friend, are no exception.
I can't let that remote
possibility come to pass.
I'm just being safe.
Hey, Red, if you do become God,
you'll still let me
keep a Red Arrow, right?
I mean, I need that
condition to carry over
from my agreement with Nakaumi.
Miss Yuri, why do you
think you won't be able
to go on living if you
don't have a Red Arrow?
Because I'm not confident
I can get anyone
to like me without one.
All right?
[Mirai] Fine, I'll
keep the same deal.
Then I'll do everything I
can to support you, Red.
And I don't trust that
Professor Yoneda. [grunts]
Hey, Nasse.
What's up?
What do you think will
happen to all the angels
--if a God isn't chosen?
--I don't know for sure.
But if God disappears, wouldn't
we all disappear as well?
Doesn't that bother you?
I thought about it.
And the truth is, if becoming
God would make Mirai happy,
then that's what I want.
I know this might surprise you,
but I don't really care
about what happens to me.
[Temari] I've gotta
tell you something, Red.
I'm surprised you
agreed to become God.
I mean, I thought you
and Yellow were a couple.
And from what I understand
as to how this works,
you'd have to leave her to
become God, wouldn't you?
That's not really true.
If Mirai became God, he'd
be able to envelop Saki
in an even greater
love from up in Heaven.
Hmm.
Regardless, the more
important question is
what are we supposed to do now?
For now, we can only rely
on Mr. Hoshi and Ms. Yumiki.
The trouble is we
don't know who sent
the self-defense force
helicopters or who shot at us.
We know it wasn't Miss Yumiki,
since she's been Red Arrowed,
but who knows about Mr. Hoshi?
[Saki] I'll try asking
Miss Yumiki about it.
I'll do what I can.
You need to give me a few days.
Yoneda, I can't believe
you're a God candidate.
[Yumiki] Sir.
What is it?
[arrow pierces]
We need to talk.
[Hoshi gasps]
[Angels sing]
[Angel] We have an emergency,
because God, God is
beginning to fade away.
More breaking news on
the God candidates.
Of the six contenders who
appeared in Yurakucho District,
one has now been identified
as Professor Gaku Yoneda.
[Yoneda] The identities
of all the God candidates
have been revealed.
Some of the information is
fact, some of it is fiction.
What an unpleasant
world this is.
[Nakaumi] Yes, I hear what
you're saying, Professor.
It certainly isn't
one I want to live in.
I couldn't agree more, Nakaumi.
What should we do about it?
[crowd yells]
[Hoshi] This is an
emergency shelter.
Normally, no one
comes down here,
and there are no
cameras or windows.
[Yumiki] Nobody
will think to look
for God candidates
in the station,
and it's easily accessible
for Hoshi and myself.
[Hoshi] Unfortunately, the
government still intends
to capture all the
God candidates.
We arrested two of the snipers,
but their names and
nationalities are unknown.
And now, the world realizes
that God candidates can be hit
if they're shot at
from a blind spot.
[Mirai] A blind spot?
The world's attitude toward
the five of you is critical.
For your own safety,
this matter has to be resolved
as quickly as possible.
You say resolved,
how do we do that?
We'll have another meeting.
Professor Yoneda said
we'd speak again.
When that happens,
I'll convince him.
To do what?
The professor agreed,
if there's no God,
a large number of people
who seek divine salvation
will end up dying.
There must be a
way to avoid that.
Different phrasing would help,
maybe we can convince him-
It's impossible!
That chatterbox would just talk
you into agreeing with him.
The entire point of
any scholar's life
is to prove that their
theories are correct.
I hear you.
--But if we talk--
--It's impossible!
Don't you get it?
I've been around people
like him my whole life.
They always they're right.
And no matter what you say,
they never changed their minds.
[Hoshi] I'll help you
convince the professor
the next time you talk to him.
[Mirai] Why you, Mr. Hoshi?
Yoneda and I happen
to know each other.
We went to the same high
school when we were growing up.
[Temari and Saki gasp]
It was the second
day of my term.
[door alarm beeps]
[Clerk] Welcome!
[Hoshi] That guy's in my class.
I should say hello.
[plastic rustles]
Wow, he moves fast.
[feet patter on floor]
[price scanner beeps]
That'll be 1,000.
Yep, 1,387 yen.
Exactly right.
Thank you very much.
[door alarm beeps]
[school bell dings]
Hey, that hurt!
Watch where you're going.
[school bell dings]
Sorry, you okay?
Yeah, it's fine.
I'm the one who wasn't looking.
[Yoneda] Anyway,
hope you're not hurt.
What a nice guy.
Then at gym one day,
about two weeks into the term.
Okay, next.
On your marks.
Get set.
Next up.
On your marks.
Get set.
3.1415926535.
He's fast.
[Yoneda and Hoshi
breathe deeply]
Hoshi, six seconds even.
Yoneda, 6.2 seconds.
[Hoshi pants]
--Yoneda.
--Hmm?
You shouldn't have done that.
Done what?
You deliberately slowed your
pace to allow me to win.
I admire how you always
go out of your way
to avoid upsetting
people around you,
but this is different.
In that case, I apologize.
It's okay, you don't
need to apologize.
Let's call it a tie.
You mind if I ask you something?
I heard you muttering something
while you were running.
What was that?
It was a number.
Which one?
A number with infinite,
non-repeating decimals.
One that cannot be
expressed as a fraction.
It's very stressful for me
to do what everybody
else is doing.
I've learned that filling my
head with irrational numbers
can calm me down.
Just then I was reciting pi.
Hmm.
I've never met someone like you.
Why don't we become friends?
You wanna be friends?
I'm sorry, but I can't.
Why not?
[Yoneda] Well, just
between you and me,
I actually plan on
quitting school this week.
Why would you do that?
The term just
started 10 days ago.
I know. In elementary
and middle school,
I could ditch classes
whenever I wanted,
but high school has
mandatory attendance.
That rule doesn't work for me.
It's more effective
if I study on my own.
You were right last
week when you mentioned
that I don't wanna
upset those around me.
But even more than that,
I don't like being upset.
It's easier if I don't
associate with other people.
[Hoshi] I get it that struggling
with interpersonal relationships
might be a difficult
part of life,
but in the end, don't
you need friends?
I'm fine, actually.
The times I enjoy the most
are when I'm doing research
or creating things by myself,
but I have to interact
on some level.
And since I was born human,
I want to do something
that'll help the world.
How long are you
gonna stand there?
You do need to come
join the class.
And please don't tell anyone
about what we just discussed.
I wanna quit without
a lot of fuss.
Later on, as you know, his
novel became a best seller.
He won two Nobel Prizes
for Literature and Physics.
He's been dubbed the
world's most brilliant man.
He's even received a
National Honor Award.
And he's self-taught?
He really is quite
amazing, isn't he?
I believe Yoneda probably
never wanted to become famous.
In any case,
I can tell you he tries to
avoid displeasing others.
So he doesn't like
to upset people.
Is Nakaumi's aversion to
bothering other people
a result of professor
Yoneda's influence on him?
If Yoneda hasn't changed,
that could be an advantage.
We would just have to find
a way to use it somehow.
So you're saying the
way for God candidates
to avoid becoming God
is actually simple?
Yes.
In fact, you could even
call it the only way.
I used to wanna die
just like you do today.
And, naturally, I'm
still prepared to die
if it comes to that.
However, my suicidal
tendencies were different.
My desire to experience
death was so strong,
it simply exceeded my
desire to keep living.
[Nakaumi] To experience death?
We still don't
understand what happens
to people after they die.
Human beings are physical
objects in the end.
It's likely we
become nothing at all
once our bodies turn to dust.
But that hasn't been proven yet.
I'm participating
in this exercise
because I want to know
what happens to people
when they pass away.
If this God selection
process is genuine,
and, as God, I could learn
what happens after death,
and tell people about it,
I would gladly
volunteer to become God.
Wow, Professor,
that's impressive.
You're thinking is totally
different from mine.
I hate to admit, the idea
we experience something
other than nothingness
after death scares me.
Nothingness would mean
my suffering ends.
But what if there's a hell
and my suffering just continues?
On the other hand,
if there's a heaven,
I hope it's a truly happy place.
Heaven and hell aren't real.
They were invented to make
people believe in God.
There is a creature
in the afterworld,
but I can assure
you it isn't God.
Yes, sir, I understand
what you're saying.
But still, I've
seen angels fly off
carrying what appeared to
be the souls of dead people
in their arms.
It certainly made it seem
like there's an after life.
What you've seen so far
was only an illusion
the creature was showing us.
Is that right, Muni?
The creature absorbs
a certain amount
of the total energy
created by humanity.
Just imagine the
advancements in science
if we could harness
that energy properly.
What do we have instead?
A false heaven, a false God.
Avaricious angels created
by that false God.
It would be better if such
things entirely ceased to be.
That's what Muni believes.
When I first met Muni,
I'd lost all sense of
direction in my life.
[camera shutter clicks]
[Reporter 1] Professor Yoneda,
congratulations on winning
this year's Nobel
Prize in Physics.
Do you have anything you'd
like to share with our viewers?
[crowd applauds]
[Reporter 2] How does it feel
to be appointed a
professor emeritus
at such a young age?
[Salesman] We can arrange
for a mountain retreat
so you can bury yourself
in your research.
[Yoneda breathes heavily]
[Female Student 1] Is there
someplace we can talk?
I have a question
about today's lecture.
[Female Student 2]
Can we come with you?
[University Staff]
Regarding your TV
and lecture schedule...
[Association
President] Professor,
how about having
a drink with us?
[Yoneda breathing heavily]
[Yoneda retches]
3.14159265358.
People come see me every day.
People I don't know come see me.
I'm not making any
progress on my research.
Awards, ceremonies, banquets,
TV appearances, lectures.
It's hell.
Absolutely hell.
I just wanted to help humanity.
Let me do my research.
I have reached my limit.
Humanity has broken off into
groups since ancient times.
It's overwhelming,
I can't escape it.
I have to quit being human.
It's the only way out for me.
So, today, I will die.
It'll be great.
I'll finally be able to confirm
what happens after death.
[melancholic music]
At first, I thought
I was hallucinating.
An illusion that had appeared
due to the acceptance
of my impending death,
and the pleasure that was
flooding through my brain
as a result of that decision.
But, no, it was the
Angel of Destruction.
Tell me something.
What gives you hope to live?
You want an honest answer?
I have no hope to live.
I'm ready for my life to end.
All I want is to know
what happens after death.
Hmm, you have the
capacity, Gaku Yaneda,
to finally learn the
truth about everything.
The truth?
I didn't believe
Muni right away.
Presuming she was an illusion,
I doubted every
word I had heard.
After speaking with her
for hours at a time,
I suddenly realized
two months had passed.
Then I saw two young boys
tricked into fighting each other
by this false selection process.
At that point,
I felt it was important to
tell everybody the truth.
Why didn't they understand
the perfectly obvious fact
that there is no God?
We need the truth.
Then we can march toward the
future with our eyes wide open.
I agree.
I believe you're absolutely
right, Professor.
The angel who knows
heaven's secrets, Ogaro,
the Angel of Darkness.
Admit it, are you the angel
who possesses special powers,
or is it one of the others?
Even if I was in possession
of that information,
I'd never tell you.
What's best for
me at this moment
is for my partner to become God.
And you are standing
in the way of that.
[dramatic music]
Currently, there are two ways
to prevent a God candidate
from becoming the creature.
In each case, they involve
the use of White Arrows.
I've taken a look at
the mechanics of both.
No matter which
option we choose,
I'll have to shoot
you with one of these.
Thanks so much, Professor.
It would be a great honor to die
from one of your White Arrows.
That leaves a
strategic decision.
We have to decide
whether I shoot you now,
or wait until it's all over.
Anytime's fine
with me, I'm ready.
You may be fine with
it, but Ogaro is not.
Your angel told me that
making you the creature
was the preferred choice.
So I'm sure she'd do anything
to increase the odds
of that happening.
Ogaro, if you insist
you don't know
or won't tell me which
angel is the special one,
I'll shoot Nakaumi with this
arrow right here and now.
Fine, but I have one condition.
The White Arrow you
received from Susumu Yuito,
I want you to give
it to my partner.
Since you shot him with
one of your Red Arrows,
there's no possibility the
boy would use the weapon
to attack you.
If your plan runs into
some kind of difficulty,
you can simply recall
the White Arrow.
You're right, of course.
It would be proof of his loyalty
and there would be no
real risk on my end.
But we'd just be
delaying the inevitable.
I expect nothing from
my current partner.
I think that has become clear.
[Yoneda] Then this is
a pointless struggle.
If the creature dies,
so do the angels.
Is this your way of
extending your life
for as long as possible?
[Ogaro] Not necessarily
through Nakaumi.
The truth is, I have high
hopes for Mirai Kakehashi.
It's no wonder
that you are known
as the Angel of Darkness.
Now tell me, which angel
possesses special powers?
I believe it's Nasse.
I knew it.
What are the special powers?
Nasse has the ability
to physically interact
with her partner,
Mirai Kakehashi.
Just as humans
cannot touch angels,
angels cannot touch objects
from the human world.
However, when Mirai Kakehashi
jumped to his death,
Nasse openly admitted to
catching him with her own hands.
She can also move
people and objects.
It's not much, but she's the
only one who's capable of it.
I wouldn't call that
power, not much at all.
If any angel found
they were able to directly
interact with their partner,
they could easily change
that partner's fate.
In fact, Nasse
saved Mirai's life.
Know this, Nasse does not
realize this power is special,
and has no understanding
of how an angel should be.
So tell me, is it
possible for this angel
to shoot a God
candidate with an Arrow?
No, it is not.
I see.
[fire crackles]
Now that I have
this information,
the next step is to
choose a time and place.
[Temari growls]
Damn it!
I hope you all die! [grunts]
Look what they're saying
about Professor Yoneda.
Why is he such a hero
and we're such villains?
It'd be good if Professor
Yoneda agreed to become God.
No way that's gonna happen.
He says there is no God,
and what we have now is
nothing but a creature.
Well, then, he could become God,
and tell people he's not God,
and in fact is only a creature.
I'm presuming the professor
would've already suggested
that if he was down with it.
I don't know.
What are we doing?
What are God candidates?
Susumu is dead now as well.
Our numbers keep dwindling.
Are God candidates
destined to die
before a new God is chosen?
The new national stadium?
[Yoneda] Yes.
A location that attracts
attention is ideal,
so that as many
people as possible
can witness this
piece of history.
I can't just take over a venue
without any advanced notice.
Besides, do you really
think that God candidates
will show up because I
announced a time place?
No, but they want
this selection process
to end as soon as possible.
And to accomplish that,
they will come.
[ominous music]
[closing theme music]